EMILY:

emily wants to check which day her freinds want to play basketball this weekend.
she is tired of coordintaing with everyone on facebook, and chekcing the wethaer,
and texting everyone what they want to do.

the day usually depends on the weather and what other social events are happening on the weekend.

she checks out hoopscrew.org and sees a bearutful site taht fulfills all her desires.

so she signs up for the site with a username, password, and her email.
first she is taken to a page where she can set up her player profile.
it includes funny/ impersonal info, like her neighborhood, fav team.

after signing up she is directed to the main page to vote
it shows the weather for staurday and sunday, with the number of votes for each day
and a button to pick which day she wants

beneath that is a short message board where players can leave notes,
like maybe somethign  besies the weather is important, or somehting else
super awesome is happening that everyone should know about.

after friday at 7pm, the votes are counted

DARYL:

daryl wants to login on his phone and quickly check out what day his firends are tryna balll.

he vists hoopscrew.org

he enters his username and password,

goes right to the vote page, sees what the weather is and what ppl are saying 

casts his vote,

bows and exits.

Meghan:

meghan just signed up for hoopsCrew and is amazed at how many members there are so she
decides to take some time ot look around.

shes been a member for a while, so she signs in and uses the nav bar to go the members page

once there, she sees a list of all the players' pics they uploaded, their name, and 'hood

when she clicks on a pic, she is taken to their details page.

she sees so many interesting things she decides to update her profile her. 

she clicks 'profile' on the nav bar and goes to her details page.

now she sees the button to click and (only) her profile.

she changes anything she wants in each field, clicks submit, and then is taken back to her page to 
see her new profile. 

satisfied, she now votes on a day.

